hey guys I'm back with another video and
today I'm gonna do an outfit of the day
and this is a very fall inspired outfit
since the temperatures are starting to
drop and fall is in the air so lots of
fall colors lots of fall pieces like
boots and leggings I'm not doing
anything special today I have the day
off for work so I'm just kind of hanging
out later this evening I'm going to a
Scentsy party so I'll just wear this to
the sensi party as well so first of all
my hair is just like voluminous hair I
don't know what to talk about it's like
straight but then like add a texture at
the ends with a curling iron so it's
like not like completely straight my
makeup I just have like a neutral eye
with a winged eyeliner on the top and
then my lips are actually this lipstick
which is fine is a MAC lipstick and it's
naked Paris it looks like this really
super pretty great fall lipstick mom
it's a luster and then this lip gloss
over the top which is a Milani lip gloss
in leading lady number 45 so yeah that's
what I have on um my jewelry I'm wearing
this necklace is just an owl necklace
really crazy like an owl it's just gold
got from forever 21 it's really long
simple gold necklace um nothing on my
wrists my nails are gross said to
repaint them but they are China Glaze
shower together
that's what's comments like a turquoise
clock um I have a black I mean of like a
brown I'm cami underneath and then I
have this shirt we're just like um a
plaid like really sheer light chiffon
top quarter length with her gathered
sleeve here and it's really really long
it's more like a tunic and it's got
buttons all down the front here and some
ruching up here and it also ties in the
back so it gives you kind of like that
shape which is nice so it's not just so
foxy and then I'm wearing leggings just
brown leggings they're just regular
cotton brown leggings and for shoes I'm
wearing these boots you can see on there
just brown suede boots just come up to
about here they have buckles on the side
and stuff these are from forever 21 or
not forever 21
they're from icing actually so they're
really cute I really love them I wear
them a lot in fall um yeah that's pretty
much it um nothing really special just
kind of casual cute fall outfit so um
thanks for watching guys and I will talk
to you later bye